Having just enough troops to defend this assault, the whale army is spent. 
They are out of supplies and out of firepower.  They have no choice but to surrender to the human army. 
Humans retake their place as the apex predators, having dominated the land before, 
then forced underwater, they now dominate the submerged world. 
Having conquered the planet, they prosper in their new watery domain. 
Hundreds of years into the future, sea levels continue to rise. 
A sixth ice age freezes the planet, trapping almost all life in darkness. 
Humans retreat from what little land - now uninhabitable - into the water. 
Ice slowly envelops the planet until Earth is totally covered. 
Generations pass, the sun a foregone dream. Elders tell tales of what lies just above the sky, 
of another world full of warmth and plants and air, though no one remembers for certain. 
Now humans sit and wait until Skyfall, the fabled day when the heavens shatter and light floods the world again.

Despite the human effort, the whales, with their massive army, fueled by the fury from their past, 
storm down the human ranks.  They breach the defenses of the capital and flood the city.  
All the military leaders are forced to surrender.  Knowing that your job as a neutral relayer, 
yet still helping their cause, the whales give you a chance to live out your life with your family.  
Having soundly defeated the humans, the whales impose rule of law on the bipeds. 
The whales put the humansÅEengineers and scientists to work on a transmission device to send 
signals into outer space. Decades pass, as one day, whales make first contact. 
Dozens of spacecrafts appear, hovering just above sea level. All the whales surface, 
are lifted up in the air, then disappear into the sky above. They are never heard from again.

Years pass and everyday you look at yourself in the mirror with regret, 
knowing that you are one of the few humans left to roam the Earth, the last of a once great species, 
that will no longer be anything more.  You believe to have done the right things, 
helping those trying to save this planet, but at what cost.  
You and your family have nearly are not oppressed, but you are powerless to the whales. 
What would be different if you made a few different choices, how would the world be different? 
How would your life be different?

Years pass and when you see your reflection, you are reminded of the powerful species you represent. 
You are the epitome of success, of evolution, yet you are still powerless to the forces of mother nature.  
Oh how youíve tried to alter it, the bend it to your will, 
yet she always finds a way to show you how insignificant you truly are.  
You lie and wonder, freezing under the ice, what would have changed 
if you decided to help those protecting this planetÅE

Years pass and you see your reflection, unknowing of which side you truly called your own.  
You are the bastard, half human, half whale, with no home, a deformed monstrosity who helped 
to kill the species trying to save this planet, and is now frozen in the ice.  
Despite your work, you are shunned by the humans for your appearance and the species 
that was willing to help you are all frozen in the ice.  
You live day to day and wonder what would be different 
if you went back in time and changed a few of your actionsÅE


Years pass and you lose your own identity.  
You look into the mirror and you see your flippers, your rubbery skin, your large tail, 
but itís all foreign to you.  Your looks are deceiving; you didnít help your own kind win the war, 
youíre a whale who supported to destructive humans, youíre a human in a whaleís body.  
Now you wonder what was all that for, to aid in the destruction of the planet you call home?  
You helped those that have killed millions of your kind, the ones that caused the melting of the icebergs, 
the extinction of hundreds of thousands of species.  You are a traitor trying to live your life as one of them, 
and now youíre stuck in the ice like one of them.  You wonder what would have happened 
if you helped your own kind, the group that was trying to save this planet by killing its perpetrators, 
the ones all frozen in the ice now.

Years pass and youíre living comfortably with your family. 
You see your reflection and know you did the right thing. 
You look down and see your own fins and flippers clean from all your swimming, 
but you know they are bloodied, bloodied from the lives lost in the war, 
for those that had to die in order to save the planet.  But you are not one of them, 
you are a whale, not a human, you helped your own species and all the speciesÅE
that survive to inhabit this planet after the humanís destruction.  
You guys have even been exploring space, making new innovations without the destruction caused before. 
You are the victors, and you know it.  But what if there was still more for the humans to give?  
What if they could have changed?  What if you changed a few decisions and everything was different? 
What ifÅE